# `project` command

The `project` command is responsible to manage the lifetime and configuration of a Greenhouse. It can be used to create, save and load projects configurations for your `rpi_gc` application.

## Command usage

### `--create` option

This will create a new project with the specified title. The creation time and versioning is automatically generated by the software.

After the project is generated the old project (if any loaded) is closed and the newly created one will be switched to.

#### Example

In this example, it will be create a new project entitled `example`:

```bash
project --create example
```

### `--load` option

This command will load a project from the specified file.

The project is loaded and parsed. The application has a `title` and `version` integrity checker that can automatically update the project title or version if they contain invalid or old data.

If the JSON syntax is broken **it will result in undefined behavior**: the project can be loaded, discarded or partially loaded. Be careful.

#### When the AWS is Running

If the AWS is running while performing a `project --load` operation, the AWS is stopped, its configuration saved to the current project (if open) and the new project is loaded:

- if the new project is valid, it will be loaded and the AWS restarted with the new configuration;
- if the new project is invalid, the AWS will restart with the old configuration.

#### Example

The following command will load the project contained inside the file `my-project.json`:

```bash
project --load my-project.json
```

## General behaviors

When a project is created, loaded or saved, the last used project data, if any, is saved inside the application configuration data. This means that the next time the application is launched, the last used project will be automatically loaded.

### When loading a project

When a new project is loaded the last loaded project path is saved inside the application configuration data, inside the `rpi_gc_config.json` file under the `AppData` folder.

**NOTE: When loading the new project, only the old project data will be saved.** This means that if you are working with a project `A` and then you load a project `B`, the project `A` will be saved inside the application configuration as the last used project and the project `B` will be loaded into memory but its data will not be saved until the user saves it manually or when the application ends. This is done to prevent data loss and to increase the probability to run a valid configuration inside the greenhouse.
